1420588705
AddFilednameToTasks	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/db/migrate/20141229012738_add_filedname_to_tasks.rb	class AddFilednameToTasks 
Api	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb	module Api
Api	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/apps_controller.rb	module Api
Api	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/subs_controller.rb	module Api
Api	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/appsubs_controller.rb	module Api
App	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/models/app.rb	class App 
AppSub	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/models/app_sub.rb	class AppSub 
AppSubTest	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/test/models/app_sub_test.rb	class AppSubTest 
AppTest	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/test/models/app_test.rb	class AppTest 
Application	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
AppsController	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/apps_controller.rb			class AppsController 
AppsubsController	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/appsubs_controller.rb			class AppsubsController 
CreateAppSubs	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/db/migrate/20150106021718_create_app_subs.rb	class CreateAppSubs 
CreateApps	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/db/migrate/20150106021253_create_apps.rb	class CreateApps 
CreateSubs	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/db/migrate/20150106021447_create_subs.rb	class CreateSubs 
CreateTasks	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/db/migrate/20141228023950_create_tasks.rb	class CreateTasks 
Sub	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/models/sub.rb	class Sub 
SubTest	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/test/models/sub_test.rb	class SubTest 
SubsController	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/subs_controller.rb			class SubsController 
Task	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/models/task.rb	class Task 
TaskTest	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/test/models/task_test.rb	class TaskTest 
TasksController	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb			class TasksController 
TasksControllerTest	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/test/controllers/tasks_controller_test.rb	class TasksControllerTest 
TestCase	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
Todo	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/config/application.rb	module Todo
V1	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb		module V1
V1	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/apps_controller.rb		module V1
V1	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/subs_controller.rb		module V1
V1	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/appsubs_controller.rb		module V1
app_params	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/apps_controller.rb				def app_params
change	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/db/migrate/20141229012738_add_filedname_to_tasks.rb	  def change
change	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/db/migrate/20141228023950_create_tasks.rb	  def change
change	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/db/migrate/20150106021253_create_apps.rb	  def change
change	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/db/migrate/20150106021447_create_subs.rb	  def change
change	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/db/migrate/20150106021718_create_app_subs.rb	  def change
create	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb			  def create
create	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/apps_controller.rb			  def create 
create	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/subs_controller.rb			  def create 
create	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/appsubs_controller.rb			  def create 
destroy	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb			  def destroy
destroy	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/apps_controller.rb			  def destroy
destroy	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/subs_controller.rb			  def destroy
destroy	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/appsubs_controller.rb			  def destroy
index	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb			  def index
index	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/apps_controller.rb			  def index
index	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/subs_controller.rb			  def index
index	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/appsubs_controller.rb			  def index
show	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb			  def show
show	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/apps_controller.rb			  def show
show	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/subs_controller.rb			  def show
show	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/appsubs_controller.rb			  def show
sub_params	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/subs_controller.rb				def sub_params
sub_params	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/appsubs_controller.rb				def sub_params
task_params	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb				def task_params
update	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb			  def update
update	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/apps_controller.rb			  def update
update	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/subs_controller.rb			  def update
update	d:/jamshid/GIT/ruby_projects/gamediggerback2/app/controllers/api/v1/appsubs_controller.rb			  def update
